Add documentation for downward API hugepages (#24904)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/downward-api-volume-expose-pod-information.md

  * A Container's CPU request
  * A Container's memory limit
  * A Container's memory request

>   * A Container's hugepages limit, available since v1.20 (if DownwardAPIHugePages feature gate enabled)
>   * A Container's hugepages request, available since v1.20 (if DownwardAPIHugePages feature gate enabled)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A Container's hugepages limit (providing that the `DownwardAPIHugePages` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled)
  * A Container's hugepages request (providing that the `DownwardAPIHugePages` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) is enabled)
```

>   * A Container's ephemeral-storage limit, available since v1.8.0-beta.0
>   * A Container's ephemeral-storage request, available since v1.8.0-beta.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * A Container's ephemeral-storage limit
  * A Container's ephemeral-storage request
```

Reviewer: and I would also revise this to drop the other mentions of version support for long-graduated fields such as `metadata.uid`.
